# Smartrinse API Machine Learning

# Description
The Machine Learning APIs are RESTful APIs built using the FastAPI framework. These APIs provide predictive results based on pre-trained machine learning models. Users can send input data to the API and receive predictive results generated by the model.

# How to Use
- Install Dependencies: Make sure to install by running the command `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
- Run Server: Use `uvicorn app:app` command to run FastAPI server locally.
- Local Host Access: The Machine Learning API can be accessed via a local host using the URL `http://localhost:8080/`.
- Get Documentation: To view full API documentation, you can access the URL `http://localhost:8080/docs`. This documentation page provides information about the available endpoints along with a description, required parameters, and an example request and response.
- Select the POST /predict endpoint: On the documentation page, find and select the `/predict` endpoint that uses the POST method. You can click on the endpoint for details.
- Submit Request: After selecting the /predict endpoint, you'll see a form on the documentation page that allows you to send requests to that endpoint. Fill in the form with the input data according to the format expected by the model and click the "Try it out!" button.
- View Predicted Results: After submitting a request, you'll see the response received on the documentation page. The response will include the predicted results generated by the machine learning model.

# Endpoint Route

- ### Home

  - URL Route:
    `http://localhost:8080/`

  - Method:
    GET

  - Response:
      ```
      {
         "message": "Hello World"
      }
      ```
     
- ### Predict

  - URL Route:
    `http://localhost:8080/predict`

  - Method:
    POST

  - Request Body:
    - `content` as `string`
      ```
      {
          "content": "Teks yang akan diprediksi sentimennya."
      }
      ```

  - Response:
    - Status : 200
      ```
      {
         "content": "Teks yang akan diprediksi sentimennya.",
         "sentiment": 0.82
      }
      ```
   
